docs: document Deep Agents Code trace redaction (#5016)
langchain-ai/docs: src/oss/deepagents/code/config-file.mdx

Explicit `-a`/`--agent` always overrides both, and `-r`/`--resume` bypasses both so the thread's original agent is restored. See [Command reference](/oss/deepagents/code/cli-reference#command-line-options) for related flags.

## Redact LangSmith trace secrets

> Deep Agents Code redacts detected secrets from LangSmith agent-trace inputs and outputs by default. If redaction cannot be configured, tracing is disabled for that run. To opt out for controlled local debugging:

Author: ```suggestion
With LangSmith tracing enabled, Deep Agents Code redacts detected secrets from agent-trace inputs and outputs by default. If redaction cannot be configured, tracing is disabled for that run. To opt out:
```
